Excellent Tuition Centre (ETC) is a tuition center in Kuala Lumpur providing coaching for secondary school students (Form 1 - Form 5) in subjects such as Bahasa Melayu (Malay Language), English Language, History, Mathematics, and Science. This center wanted to improve their business by having a program that could store information on their students and their subjects. In the program, ETC demands that there should be four types of users that could register into the system; those roles are Admin, Receptionist, Tutor, and Student. The center wants the program to have a login feature that requires the user to input their username followed by their password. The login page must only have a maximum of three attempts, the login page will exits if it exceeds that given limit for failed attempts. If the user logs in with the correct username and password they will be led to their menu option respectively according to their role.
	
To have such a program, our group programmed a simple program that mainly consists of 2 layers. The first layer is the login script (login.py) that demands the user to input a username and password. Based on the status that is assigned in the main database (main_database.txt) the user will be redirected to another script that corresponds to their roles (admin.py/receptionist.py/student.py/tutor.py), the user will be permitted to use the provided functions that will ask a few more inputs which will let them have the chosen function executed. Most of the scripts are written in the Python Language having “.py” at the end of each file name, for the databases that store information and are a result of multiple tests are in Text File Document format which has “.txt” at the end of each filename. Note that the starting of the program should begin with login.py, which could be run by typing 
	$ python.exe login.py 
in the console terminal. For debug purposes, role-specified Python scripts (admin.py/receptionist.py/tutor.py/student.py) could be run individually and execute the same functionalities as long as the input is provided.
